#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Kim Lip - Eclipse"
(It's mullae-dong again! The girls have visited here when they were doing a photo shoot!)
Kim Lip: Hi, I'm Kim Lip!
Kim Lip: It's 11 pm!
(Kim Lip has been waiting for her turn all day long...)
Kim Lip: Shooting my solo scene will be started at 12 am.
Kim Lip: You know... I left home at 4:40 am!
Kim Lip; And I got my make up done at the shop!
Kim Lip: And I cheered JinSoul up with Choerry.
Kim Lip: And I slept~
(Kim Lip explaining all the things she did today!)
Kim Lip: You did well today, Lip~
(By the way, Choerry taking a picture!)
(And the subject is Kim Lip!)
Kim Lip: Choerry is taking a picture of me~
Choerry: Right~
Kim LIp: Oh~ it came out well~
(Kim Lip's beauty doesn't lose its glow even in front of Choerry's camera!)
(It's a dance practice time!)
(But looks like she needs some time to get used to it...)
Kim Lip: I thinks I'm good at this dance~
Choerry: Right~ You're good~
Choerry: We did a fantastic job~!